blender zero here and today it's time
for another tank with you can't Reagan
review Nat Geo to buy five gallon tank
so today I'm gonna be giving you guys my
precious my impressions on this tank
some cool features of it and if I
recommend it or not let's begin so first
and foremost this tank causes unique
features feature number one touch
something touch sensor LED very cool the
second feature which I showed you guys
in unboxing of course the one the one
chord and we're supposed to LEDs and
filter run on the third feature being
the feeling all the singing from the
aquaculture review which not too long
ago up at the car last month yeah yeah
those are the three features so and I
think I like um the our culture which or
they come with a filter if it wasn't
good loser comes with a better filter so
how does she put to work well I'll tell
you so the strainer
suck up the water and could use anything
in the water they kitchen anything
debris dust you know that then the water
rises up from the queue right at you and
goes through here one more thing guys
remember how am i unboxing I put the
filter on top well I was opposed to go
like this cuz I didn't really know that
but anyways so the water coaster here
and any dust or debris gets captured
here to the filter is these suicides and
clear water comes through there and
comes right there little waterfall
various other filter works
so yes it's pretty good of course 2.5 so
it's enough space for a better real
great space
okay so yeah
now what are my passions my passion is
that I really like this tank macho burn
at the agriculture one gallon tank much
more space it's more wider than is
taller so in that space there's more of
a decorations the only only two pumps
have distinct number one the
photocurrent switch was strong so what I
did was a question buffed up the plants
July anyone have a problem going to the
current number tooth because the LED and
filtering on one quart if the LED does
run out not the way new tank unless of
course you can buy an LED strips morning
maybe our 12 inch LED strip only 2,000
sovarov it take it's great much more
better in the aquaculture so I recommend
this tank yes I do and you recommend it
you know if that would bethe and you had
a small tank or one gallon tank but this
one of course the price is $35 at
Petsmart
this cake is all-inclusive pest mark so
i highly recommend it for your better
you know much more space
what's miss with acclamations the
overall the green tank basically pretty
much it it's a good tank oh yeah put the
cartridge should be changed three to
four weeks that it does kinda get dirty
so yeah hopefully my review helps your
persuading you to get this tank or your
better it's really good so you know pick
the guys for watching and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with my videos for better
care so I'll see you guys I'll see you
guys later